chore(docs): Remove duplicate headings, add 'before you start' section (#6)
mdn/temp-processes: pull-requests.md

2. **Review:** Your changes are reviewed by [MDN members and volunteers](#pull-request-review-process).
3. **Publishing:** Updated content goes live within a day of merging via a site rebuild once every 24 hours.

## Before you start

> Make sure that you're not making changes that someone else is already working on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We strongly recommend opening pull requests that close existing issues or that are part of a bigger project.
So before you start any work on MDN, make sure that you're not making changes that someone else is already working on.
```
- I think it would be nice to keep the statement about what kind of PRs we encourage.
- Also, although the title says 'Before you start', it might be nice to repeat the phrase 'before you start' to emphasize it

Author: Good idea. Should we go further than a recommendation and use 'must' language, like:

> Pull requests must resolve, or contribute towards resolving, an existing issue

Author: Added something in a9b315da22cc51d1317fcfc0e788da69b3cc1ed9

Reviewer: Looks much better now, thank you!

> You can find tasks under 'Issues' in any of the [MDN repositories](https://github.com/orgs/mdn/repositories) (for example, [`mdn/content` issues](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues)) and our [public GitHub project boards](https://github.com/orgs/mdn/projects).

Author: Forgot to mention `good first issues` tag.

Reviewer: Not sure if that label is only in `mdn/content`. So we might want to say that as well?

Author: I think we can omit being specific for the label in just `mdn/content` for now as we'll likely want to add that everywhere else as well. It's a pattern to [use this label in repos](https://www.kubernetes.dev/docs/guide/help-wanted/) to direct new contributors that I think we can use in other places

> You can find tasks under 'Issues' in any of the [MDN repositories](https://github.com/orgs/mdn/repositories) (for example, [`mdn/content` issues](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues)) and our [public GitHub project boards](https://github.com/orgs/mdn/projects).

Reviewer: I feel there are two scenarios here that we should differentiate. The first is a scenario in which contributors already know what they want to update. In this case, they should cross-check if there is already an open issue or PR. The second is a scenario when they are wanting to make contributions. In that case, they can go through open issues and possibly filter by 'good first issue' label. 

```suggestion
In the [MDN repository](https://github.com/orgs/mdn/repositories) you want to work, check out the 'Issues' and 'Pull requests' tabs to confirm that an issue or pull request does not already exist related to the work you want to do.

If you are looking to contribute to the project, you can find tasks under 'Issues' in any of the [ (for example, [`mdn/content` issues](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues)) and our [public GitHub project boards](https://github.com/orgs/mdn/projects).
```

> Make sure the issue isn't assigned to someone and no one has already opened a pull request for the task.

Reviewer: The order of this sentence might need be adjusted based on the above sentences.

2. **Review:** Your changes are reviewed by [MDN members and volunteers](#pull-request-review-process).
3. **Publishing:** Updated content goes live within a day of merging via a site rebuild once every 24 hours.

> ## Before you start
> 
> - **Pull requests must resolve or partially fix an existing issue.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Before you start

Before you start work on MDN, please go through the recommendations and guidelines listed below.

**Pull requests must resolve or partially fix an existing issue.**
```
- Added a lead-in sentence between the two titles. Also because otherwise the paragraph begins with warning-sounding text in bold 🙂. 
- Un-bulleted the first point because it is not conveying the same type of info as the other three.

Author: Better, tnx

  The reason why we have this restriction is to avoid that you start on any kind of task that someone else might already be working on.
  Search issues and pull requests in the [MDN repository](https://github.com/orgs/mdn/repositories) you want to contribute to and confirm that the work you want to do is not already being done.

> 
> - **If you are looking to contribute to the project**, you can find tasks under 'Issues' in any of the [MDN GitHub repositories](https://github.com/orgs/mdn/repositories) (for example, [`mdn/content` issues](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues)) and our [public GitHub project boards](https://github.com/orgs/mdn/projects).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When looking to contribute to the MDN project, you will find yourself in one of the following situations:

- **If you are looking to contribute to the project**, you can find tasks under 'Issues' in any of the [MDN GitHub repositories](https://github.com/orgs/mdn/repositories) (for example, [`mdn/content` issues](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues)) and our [public GitHub project boards](https://github.com/orgs/mdn/projects).
```

  Make sure the issue isn't assigned to someone and no one has already opened a pull request for the task.
  Issues labelled with `good first issue` are a good place to start.

- **If you have found a problem on MDN**, you should open an issue first.
  **Issues need to be triaged before you start working** so that you know a problem addressed by a pull request is valid and that your pull request will be accepted.
  More information on issues can be found on our [Community pages for GitHub issues](https://github.com/mdn/mdn/issues/new?assignees=schalkneethling&labels=proposal%2Cneeds+triage&template=content-or-feature-suggestion.yml&title=Enter+your+proposal+here).

> - **If want to suggest new content** or a new feature, please submit a proposal through the 'New content or feature suggestion' [GitHub issue template](https://github.com/mdn/mdn/issues/new/choose).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **If want to suggest new content or a new feature**, submit a proposal through the 'New content or feature suggestion' [GitHub issue template](https://github.com/mdn/mdn/issues/new/choose).
```

## Opening a pull request

When you're ready to open a pull request, follow these guidelines:

> - **Add the link to the issue you are closing:** Add 'Fixes' or 'Relates to' and the related issue in the description of the pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Add the link to the issue you are closing:** Add 'Fixes' or 'Relates to' and the related issue in the description of the pull request.
```
should we qualify 'closing' here with 'closing or partially fixing'?

Author: added in c3d1cf64742cbafd7ba2134c1ebd16e0e489feae

>   More information about issues can be found [in our Community guidelines pages](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/MDN/Community/Issues).

Reviewer: Should we instead link here to GitHub's guidelines for using the keywords in PR description?

```suggestion
  More information about linking to issues in pull requests can be found in [GitHub docs](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue#linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue-using-a-keyword).
```

- **Add a description of the changes:** Provide as much context and rationale for the pull request as possible.
- **PRs should be short and focused to one issue:** If possible, group related set of changes into multiple, small PRs.
  If a PR becomes too large, the reviewer may close it and ask that you to submit pull requests for each logical set of changes that belong together.

> - **Don't make grammar-only changes.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Don't make grammar-only changes:**
```

  MDN Web Docs contains technical documentation; you should not suggest prose style changes except where grammar is incorrect.
- **Accompany code example changes with content changes:** This is important to ensure that updated examples are served correctly.
  If you're making content changes that affect how examples are used, the related code examples should also be updated.

> - **Add 'depends on'** with a link to a dependency if there are PRs that must land first (e.g., code examples in other repositories).

Reviewer: This could maybe combined with the previous point on "Add the link to the issue you are closing"

Author: Yeah true. Although having it as a separate point makes it also stand out, what do you think? I'm happy with either.

Reviewer: Hmm, that is a good point. We can list them next to each other in that case.

Author: done in d964768322d5a3c78a6961ca9d1266db6df587f4

> - **Add a reviewer** if you know who should review your PR already, such as a team member or a topic owner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Add a reviewer:** You can assign a reviewer, such as a team member or a topic owner, if you already know who should review your PR.
```

Author: I think we shouldn't mix 'assign' and 'review' terminology. I'll incorporate this changing 'assign' to 'add'

Author: Added in c3d1cf64742cbafd7ba2134c1ebd16e0e489feae

## Opening a pull request

When you're ready to open a pull request, follow these guidelines:

- **Add the link to the issue you are closing:** In the pull request description, add 'Fixes' if it fully resolves the issue or 'Relates to' if it is a related issue.
  More information about linking to issues in pull requests can be found in [GitHub docs](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue#linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue-using-a-keyword).
- **Add a description of the changes:** Provide as much context and rationale for the pull request as possible.

> - **PRs should be short and focused to one issue:** If possible, group related set of changes into multiple, small PRs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Pull requests should be short and focused to one issue:** If possible, group related set of changes into multiple, small pull requests.
```

>   If a PR becomes too large, the reviewer may close it and ask that you to submit pull requests for each logical set of changes that belong together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If a pull request becomes too large, the reviewer may close it and ask that you to submit pull requests for each logical set of changes that belong together.
```

- **Don't make grammar-only changes:**
  MDN Web Docs contains technical documentation; you should not suggest prose style changes except where grammar is incorrect.
- **Accompany code example changes with content changes:** This is important to ensure that updated examples are served correctly.
  If you're making content changes that affect how examples are used, the related code examples should also be updated.

> - **Add 'depends on'** with a link to a dependency if there are PRs that must land first (e.g., code examples in other repositories).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Add 'depends on'** with a link to a dependency if there are pull requests that must land first (e.g., code examples in other repositories).
```

> - **Add a reviewer:** You can add a reviewer, such as a team member or a topic owner, if you already know who should review your PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Add a reviewer:** You can add a reviewer, such as a team member or a topic owner, if you already know who should review your pull request.
```

If you want to review a PR but are not listed as a reviewer, you may add yourself as one.
It's polite to check with existing reviewers first by commenting on the pull request that you intend to start a review.

### Reviewers and assignees

The MDN Web Docs team uses reviewers and assignees to track the status of pull requests.

- **Reviewers** are people that assess the changes in pull request and provide feedback for the author.
- **Assignees** are people responsible for making sure the pull request is not blocked.
  Not all pull requests have assignees, but if they do, they are responsible for making sure the pull request progresses.

>   An assignee helps the work reach a conclusion either by merging, closing or undertaking unblocking work themselves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  An assignee helps the work reach a conclusion either by merging, closing, or undertaking unblocking work themselves.
```

> When it comes to merging changes, the pull request reviewer or an assignee merges the PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A pull request reviewer or assignee is responsible for merging the changes.
```

> If you want to review a PR but are not listed as a reviewer, you may add yourself as one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to review a pull request but are not listed as a reviewer, you may add yourself as one.
```

It's polite to check with existing reviewers first by commenting on the pull request that you intend to start a review.

### Reviewers and assignees

The MDN Web Docs team uses reviewers and assignees to track the status of pull requests.

- **Reviewers** are people that assess the changes in pull request and provide feedback for the author.
- **Assignees** are people responsible for making sure the pull request is not blocked.
  Not all pull requests have assignees, but if they do, they are responsible for making sure the pull request progresses.
  An assignee helps the work reach a conclusion either by merging, closing, or undertaking unblocking work themselves.

A pull request reviewer or assignee is responsible for merging the changes.

> ### If you are asked to review a PR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### If you are asked to review a pull request
```

> Before you start with a review, check the PR description to make sure no one specific should review it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you start with a review, check the pull request description to make sure no one specific should review it.
```

> This section provides details for expected turnaround times while reviewing PRs if you're a reviewer and while responding to review comments if you're a PR author.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section provides details for expected turnaround times while reviewing pull requests if you're a reviewer and while responding to review comments if you're a pull request author.
```

- **Reviews**:

>   The pull request reviewer should be able to review the PR in 2 weeks or less.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The pull request reviewer should be able to review the changes in 2 weeks or less.
```

>   In the 2 weeks after the PR is open, the reviewer can:
>   - Leave a comment about when they can start reviewing the PR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In the 2 weeks after a pull request is open, the reviewer can:
  - Leave a comment about when they can start reviewing the pull request
```
